hi in this video we'll take a look at
our color picker and how we can pick
colors and also see information about
the colors will pick now the first
option here sample merged by default the
color picker of pics the color of only
one pixel but if you press this here and
let's say turn the radio sub click and
hold you can see this square indicator
which indicates the region that the
color picker is simple in front you see
here how the colors turn if you just
have vivo if you have some yellow and
red you get this kind of orange color
now let's turn that off what simple
merge means that you get to pick the
information of the colors or on all
visible layers now here the pic mode
means that you can only pick a color
without assigning it to your background
foreground or to a palette let's see
what that means hold shift key and click
and you get this dialog box we will get
to see information about the pixel the
red the amount of green the amount of
blue here you get to see the percentage
of that you have the hex code for the
Cour you can also change these two
different color spaces or to hue
saturation and value see the hue the
saturation of the color the value let's
cause that if you want to see this every
time this dialog box check this option
and every time you click you see it but
I recommend you leave that off and just
hold the shift key every time you want
to see that dialog box because sometimes
you just want to assign a color here
sometimes you want to check the
information now the set foreground color
is
click we'll set our foreground color set
background color means we'll set our
background color at your palate means
we're gonna add the color to a palette
we talk about pallet pallets in another
video in detail so basically that's it
here our our selection dialog provides
us with many options we can pick a Cour
but for now we're not going to discuss
that we'll discuss it when we finish our
tools we have a lot to cover here but
for now just know how you can pick
colors and sign them that's it for now
bye